I am Kamal Abu
Ta'imah, I live
in the village of Al-Aziza Bani
Suhaila. Go to a palace for us from our dear home to
Khan Yunis, a quarter of Murad, Khan Yunis, a journey to
Sharqa and another journey after that, and I did not find any comfort
anywhere,
knowing that I
returned to the ruins of my
destroyed house and breathed
its air. I had better than all.  Something even though it is
implicit, and God is sufficient for me, and He is the best disposer of affairs. Okay, what
sin have I committed? As a man with a
mobility disability and needing help, no, I did not find
any of that. I built the house in 60 years.
Every time I lose a penny, I put in the house, I put in the house, I
put in the house.  We don't have any money or anything,
and in the end you take him by force. I swear to God, I do not accept an enemy
or a bad-mouther. I swear to God Almighty. This is
a crime. Who wants to hold accountable? Who wants to hold accountable
those who committed crimes against us? Who wants to hold them accountable? But
we have no one but the Lord of the Worlds. It will happen at the beginning of all
matters.